git.md, before:

# Git and Github
-  [Ten Simple Rules for Taking Advantage of Git and GitHub](http://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371%2Fjournal.pcbi.1004947)
-  [常用 Git 命令清单](http://www.ruanyifeng.com/blog/2015/12/git-cheat-sheet.html)
-  [史上最浅显易懂的Git教程！](http://www.liaoxuefeng.com/wiki/0013739516305929606dd18361248578c67b8067c8c017b000) by 廖雪峰
-  [Git 使用规范流程](http://www.ruanyifeng.com/blog/2015/08/git-use-process.html)
-  [让你的Git水平更上一层楼的10个小贴士](http://blog.jobbole.com/75244/)
-  [如何高效利用GitH](http://www.yangzhiping.com/tech/github.html)
-  [15 minutes to learn Git](https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)
-  [使用git和github进行协同开发流程](http://livoras.com/post/28)
-  [GitHub Special: Data Scientists to Follow & Best Tutorials on GitHub](http://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2015/07/github-special-data-scientists-to-follow-best-tutorials/)
-  [Pro Git](https://git-scm.com/book/zh/v2)
-  [git-cheat-sheet](https://github.com/arslanbilal/git-cheat-sheet)
-  [Making Your Code Citable](https://guides.github.com/activities/citable-code/)
-  [Oh shit, git!](http://ohshitgit.com/) - "So here are some bad situations I've gotten myself into, and how I eventually got myself out of them in plain english." e.g. Oh shit, I committed and immediately realized I need to make one small change! `git commit --amend`

## Note

- [Configuring a remote for a fork](https://help.github.com/articles/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork/),
  and then [Syncing a fork](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork/) when upstream goes ahead.

Commit message:

generate table of contents using doctoc

git.md, after:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [Git and Github](#git-and-github)
  - [Doc](#doc)
  - [Note](#note)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Git and Github

## Doc
-  [Ten Simple Rules for Taking Advantage of Git and GitHub](http://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371%2Fjournal.pcbi.1004947)
-  [常用 Git 命令清单](http://www.ruanyifeng.com/blog/2015/12/git-cheat-sheet.html)
-  [史上最浅显易懂的Git教程！](http://www.liaoxuefeng.com/wiki/0013739516305929606dd18361248578c67b8067c8c017b000) by 廖雪峰
-  [Git 使用规范流程](http://www.ruanyifeng.com/blog/2015/08/git-use-process.html)
-  [让你的Git水平更上一层楼的10个小贴士](http://blog.jobbole.com/75244/)
-  [如何高效利用GitH](http://www.yangzhiping.com/tech/github.html)
-  [15 minutes to learn Git](https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)
-  [使用git和github进行协同开发流程](http://livoras.com/post/28)
-  [GitHub Special: Data Scientists to Follow & Best Tutorials on GitHub](http://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2015/07/github-special-data-scientists-to-follow-best-tutorials/)
-  [Pro Git](https://git-scm.com/book/zh/v2)
-  [git-cheat-sheet](https://github.com/arslanbilal/git-cheat-sheet)
-  [Making Your Code Citable](https://guides.github.com/activities/citable-code/)
-  [Oh shit, git!](http://ohshitgit.com/) - "So here are some bad situations I've gotten myself into, and how I eventually got myself out of them in plain english." e.g. Oh shit, I committed and immediately realized I need to make one small change! `git commit --amend`

## Note

- [Configuring a remote for a fork](https://help.github.com/articles/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork/),
  and then [Syncing a fork](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork/) when upstream goes ahead.
