linux.md, before:

# Linux

## resources

-  [the-art-of-command-line](https://github.com/jlevy/the-art-of-command-line)
-  [awesome-shell](https://github.com/alebcay/awesome-shell)

## doc

-  [Linux 常见高危操作](http://blogread.cn/it/article/6876?f=wb)
-  [服务器操作系统应该选择 Debian/Ubuntu 还是 CentOS？](http://www.zhihu.com/question/19599986) (百家争鸣)
-  [Linux LVM简明教程](http://linux.cn/article-3218-1.html)
-  [Shell alias](http://alias.sh/)
-  [Linux 性能监测](http://linux.cn/topic-linux-system-performance-monitoring.html)
-  [Advanced Scripting Using PBS Environment Variables](https://wiki.hpcc.msu.edu/display/hpccdocs/Advanced+Scripting+Using+PBS+Environment+Variables)
-  [make和makefile，多文件项目管理](http://segmentfault.com/a/1190000003756084?utm_source=Weibo&utm_medium=shareLink&utm_campaign=socialShare)
-  [关于CPU Cache -- 程序猿需要知道的那些事](https://cenalulu.github.io/linux/all-about-cpu-cache/)
-  [由一次磁盘告警引发的血案 -- du 和 ls 的区别](http://blog.jobbole.com/108058/)

## tools

-  [Snakemake](https://bitbucket.org/johanneskoester/snakemake/wiki/browse/) - reduce the complexity of creating workflows by providing a fast and comfortable execution environment, together with a clean and modern domain specific specification language (DSL) in python style:
-  @bitslife Windows 平台下好用的终端，[MobaXterm](http://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/)， 可以apt-get install 一些linux 下工具，比如 clang， 想在Windows上学习Linux，可以不用 MinGW 或者安装虚拟机了， Windows下学习生物信息的筒子们可以尝试下了。亲测，很好用。
-  [command_line_bootcamp](https://github.com/blahah/command_line_bootcamp)  Command-line bootcamp adventure in your browser.
-  [memusg](https://github.com/shenwei356/memusg) - A 'time'-like utility for Unix that measures peak memory usage
-  [ranger](http://ranger.nongnu.org/) -  file manager
-  The ultimate Vim configuration: [vimrc](https://github.com/amix/vimrc)
-  [**trash-cli**](https://github.com/andreafrancia/trash-cli) -  Command line interface to the freedesktop.org trashcan. 避免rm -rf / 的悲剧，参考[中文介绍](http://zpz.name/1810/)！
-  **[Bashmarks](https://github.com/huyng/bashmarks)** is a shell script that allows you to save and jump to commonly used directories
-  [dirsize](https://github.com/shenwei356/dirsize) -  Summarize size of directories and files in directories。我自己写的
-  [brename](https://github.com/shenwei356/brename) -  Recursively batch rename files and directories by regular expression。我自己写的
-  [peco](https://github.com/peco/peco) -  Simplistic interactive filtering tool
-  [httpie](https://github.com/jakubroztocil/httpie) -  HTTPie is a command line HTTP client, a user-friendly cURL replacement
-  **[datamash](http://www.gnu.org/software/datamash/download/)** -  GNU datamash is a command-line program which performs basic numeric,textual and statistical operations on input textual data files.
-  **[distribution](https://github.com/philovivero/distribution)** -  Short, simple, direct scripts for creating ASCII graphical histograms in the terminal.
-  [fdupes](http://premium.caribe.net/~adrian2/fdupes.html) -  FDUPES is a program for identifying or deleting duplicate files residing within specified directories.
-  [FSlint](http://www.pixelbeat.org/fslint/) -  FSlint is a utility to find and clean various forms of lint on a filesystem.
-  **[pigz](http://zlib.net/pigz/)** - A parallel implementation of gzip for modern multi-processor, multi-core machines
-  install font to support emoji : gdouros-symbola-fonts


## shell


- [***SHELL编程之语法基础***](http://liwei.life/2016/05/16/69/)
- [shellcheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck) - ShellCheck, a static analysis tool for shell scripts http://www.shellcheck.net

Commit message:

generate table of contents using doctoc

linux.md, after:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [Linux](#linux)
  - [resources](#resources)
  - [Doc](#doc)
  - [tools](#tools)
  - [shell](#shell)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Linux

## resources

-  [the-art-of-command-line](https://github.com/jlevy/the-art-of-command-line)
-  [awesome-shell](https://github.com/alebcay/awesome-shell)

## Doc

-  [Linux 常见高危操作](http://blogread.cn/it/article/6876?f=wb)
-  [服务器操作系统应该选择 Debian/Ubuntu 还是 CentOS？](http://www.zhihu.com/question/19599986) (百家争鸣)
-  [Linux LVM简明教程](http://linux.cn/article-3218-1.html)
-  [Shell alias](http://alias.sh/)
-  [Linux 性能监测](http://linux.cn/topic-linux-system-performance-monitoring.html)
-  [Advanced Scripting Using PBS Environment Variables](https://wiki.hpcc.msu.edu/display/hpccdocs/Advanced+Scripting+Using+PBS+Environment+Variables)
-  [make和makefile，多文件项目管理](http://segmentfault.com/a/1190000003756084?utm_source=Weibo&utm_medium=shareLink&utm_campaign=socialShare)
-  [关于CPU Cache -- 程序猿需要知道的那些事](https://cenalulu.github.io/linux/all-about-cpu-cache/)
-  [由一次磁盘告警引发的血案 -- du 和 ls 的区别](http://blog.jobbole.com/108058/)

## tools

-  [Snakemake](https://bitbucket.org/johanneskoester/snakemake/wiki/browse/) - reduce the complexity of creating workflows by providing a fast and comfortable execution environment, together with a clean and modern domain specific specification language (DSL) in python style:
-  @bitslife Windows 平台下好用的终端，[MobaXterm](http://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/)， 可以apt-get install 一些linux 下工具，比如 clang， 想在Windows上学习Linux，可以不用 MinGW 或者安装虚拟机了， Windows下学习生物信息的筒子们可以尝试下了。亲测，很好用。
-  [command_line_bootcamp](https://github.com/blahah/command_line_bootcamp)  Command-line bootcamp adventure in your browser.
-  [memusg](https://github.com/shenwei356/memusg) - A 'time'-like utility for Unix that measures peak memory usage
-  [ranger](http://ranger.nongnu.org/) -  file manager
-  The ultimate Vim configuration: [vimrc](https://github.com/amix/vimrc)
-  [**trash-cli**](https://github.com/andreafrancia/trash-cli) -  Command line interface to the freedesktop.org trashcan. 避免rm -rf / 的悲剧，参考[中文介绍](http://zpz.name/1810/)！
-  **[Bashmarks](https://github.com/huyng/bashmarks)** is a shell script that allows you to save and jump to commonly used directories
-  [dirsize](https://github.com/shenwei356/dirsize) -  Summarize size of directories and files in directories。我自己写的
-  [brename](https://github.com/shenwei356/brename) -  Recursively batch rename files and directories by regular expression。我自己写的
-  [peco](https://github.com/peco/peco) -  Simplistic interactive filtering tool
-  [httpie](https://github.com/jakubroztocil/httpie) -  HTTPie is a command line HTTP client, a user-friendly cURL replacement
-  **[datamash](http://www.gnu.org/software/datamash/download/)** -  GNU datamash is a command-line program which performs basic numeric,textual and statistical operations on input textual data files.
-  **[distribution](https://github.com/philovivero/distribution)** -  Short, simple, direct scripts for creating ASCII graphical histograms in the terminal.
-  [fdupes](http://premium.caribe.net/~adrian2/fdupes.html) -  FDUPES is a program for identifying or deleting duplicate files residing within specified directories.
-  [FSlint](http://www.pixelbeat.org/fslint/) -  FSlint is a utility to find and clean various forms of lint on a filesystem.
-  **[pigz](http://zlib.net/pigz/)** - A parallel implementation of gzip for modern multi-processor, multi-core machines
-  install font to support emoji : gdouros-symbola-fonts


## shell


- [***SHELL编程之语法基础***](http://liwei.life/2016/05/16/69/)
- [shellcheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck) - ShellCheck, a static analysis tool for shell scripts http://www.shellcheck.net
