sci.md, before:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**

- [Scientific Research](#scientific-research)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Scientific Research

-  [How To Make A Scientific Research Poster](http://www.makesigns.com/tutorials/)
-  [How to stand out in academic scientific research](https://biomickwatson.wordpress.com/2014/04/27/how-to-stand-out-in-academic-scientific-research/) (particularly post-docs)
-  [My notes for a panel presentation on reviewing papers and grants](http://ivory.idyll.org/blog/notes-for-panel-on-reviewing.html) （可以了解Reviewer的想法）
-  [Writing reviews of academic papers ](https://github.com/jtleek/reviews)
-  [11 steps to structuring a science paper editors will take seriously](https://www.elsevier.com/connect/11-steps-to-structuring-a-science-paper-editors-will-take-seriously)

- [How to Write a Response to Reviewers in Ten Easy Steps](https://telliamedrevisited.wordpress.com/2020/07/15/how-to-write-a-response-to-reviewers-in-ten-easy-steps/)

Commit message:

sci.md: Add The Illusion of Evidence-Based Medicine
Or maybe I should add https://www.bmj.com/content/376/bmj.o702 instead?

sci.md, after:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**

- [Scientific Research](#scientific-research)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Scientific Research

-  [How To Make A Scientific Research Poster](http://www.makesigns.com/tutorials/)
-  [How to stand out in academic scientific research](https://biomickwatson.wordpress.com/2014/04/27/how-to-stand-out-in-academic-scientific-research/) (particularly post-docs)
-  [My notes for a panel presentation on reviewing papers and grants](http://ivory.idyll.org/blog/notes-for-panel-on-reviewing.html) （可以了解Reviewer的想法）
-  [Writing reviews of academic papers ](https://github.com/jtleek/reviews)
-  [11 steps to structuring a science paper editors will take seriously](https://www.elsevier.com/connect/11-steps-to-structuring-a-science-paper-editors-will-take-seriously)
-  [The Illusion of Evidence-Based Medicine: Exposing the crisis of credibility in clinical research](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54354199-the-illusion-of-evidence-based-medicine) (book)
- [How to Write a Response to Reviewers in Ten Easy Steps](https://telliamedrevisited.wordpress.com/2020/07/15/how-to-write-a-response-to-reviewers-in-ten-easy-steps/)
