utilities.md, before:

# Utilities

## data

- [gut-sync](https://github.com/tillberg/gut) - Realtime bidirectional folder synchronization
- [magic-wormhole](https://github.com/warner/magic-wormhole) - get things from one computer to another, safely
- [syncthing](https://github.com/syncthing/syncthing) - Open Source Continuous File Synchronization http://forum.syncthing.net/


## MISC

- [mkcast](https://github.com/KeyboardFire/mkcast) - A tool for creating GIF screencasts of a terminal, with key presses overlaid.
- [maybe](https://github.com/p-e-w/maybe) - :open_file_folder: :rabbit2: :tophat: See what a program does before deciding whether you really want it to happen.


## Fun

- [no-more-secrets](https://github.com/bartobri/no-more-secrets) - A tool set to recreate the famous "decrypting text" effect as seen in the 1992 movie Sneakers.

## ascii

- [Graph-Easy](https://github.com/ironcamel/Graph-Easy) - Convert or render graphs (as ASCII, HTML, SVG or via Graphviz) http://p3rl.org/Graph::Easy
- [ASCII ART](http://chris.com/ascii/)
- [websequencediagrams](https://www.websequencediagrams.com/)


## PC

- [battery](https://github.com/distatus/battery) - cross-platform, normalized battery information library

## others

- [word_cloud](https://github.com/amueller/word_cloud) - A little word cloud generator in Python

Commit message:

generate table of contents using doctoc

utilities.md, after:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [Utilities](#utilities)
  - [data](#data)
  - [MISC](#misc)
  - [Fun](#fun)
  - [ascii](#ascii)
  - [PC](#pc)
  - [others](#others)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Utilities

## data

- [gut-sync](https://github.com/tillberg/gut) - Realtime bidirectional folder synchronization
- [magic-wormhole](https://github.com/warner/magic-wormhole) - get things from one computer to another, safely
- [syncthing](https://github.com/syncthing/syncthing) - Open Source Continuous File Synchronization http://forum.syncthing.net/


## MISC

- [mkcast](https://github.com/KeyboardFire/mkcast) - A tool for creating GIF screencasts of a terminal, with key presses overlaid.
- [maybe](https://github.com/p-e-w/maybe) - :open_file_folder: :rabbit2: :tophat: See what a program does before deciding whether you really want it to happen.


## Fun

- [no-more-secrets](https://github.com/bartobri/no-more-secrets) - A tool set to recreate the famous "decrypting text" effect as seen in the 1992 movie Sneakers.

## ascii

- [Graph-Easy](https://github.com/ironcamel/Graph-Easy) - Convert or render graphs (as ASCII, HTML, SVG or via Graphviz) http://p3rl.org/Graph::Easy
- [ASCII ART](http://chris.com/ascii/)
- [websequencediagrams](https://www.websequencediagrams.com/)


## PC

- [battery](https://github.com/distatus/battery) - cross-platform, normalized battery information library

## others

- [word_cloud](https://github.com/amueller/word_cloud) - A little word cloud generator in Python
